Brothers are almost done
Don't you look at me like that?
People send nickname human body printer
I've seen that a hundred times.
Very ripe otherwise
How can I tell at a glance that he is holding garbage?
Hey, you're done.
What are you doing?
You wait for me
Hey beauty
I guess your friend has already
Run away in fear
Hmm impossible
He's not what you're talking about
Besides, didn't you come back tonight?
Don't you believe in kissing?
Know the face but not the heart
After all, it's 28 million
Who knows?
I'm still running for this money
Yo didn't run
Did you come back with your so-called truth?
Let's have a look.
See you in tears?
That's right, the truth is here
Hahaha kid
I thought you were trying to be brave
I didn't expect you to be able to whistle.
My painting has been painted by several masters
Identified, where did you find this garbage?
How dare you, since you want to die
I will fulfill you today
Call security in and throw him out for me
Not you
So many people who claim to be young talents in the painting and calligraphy world
True or False
You can tell at a glance, okay?
Then you take out this fake painting
I'll see what you can do
This is true or false.